Disclaimer: adjust the rules as you wish! This is mainly for inspiration. Of course feel free to use them.

SETUP

1. The number of players is unlimited.
2. Players spawn in corners, and/or they should be evenly placed. They start with this first tile as their only teritory.
3. Every turn you receive 2 actions.

WAREHOUSE

4. Each player has a warehouse the size of 20 actions.
5. You use the warehouse by taking notes on the paper where you print your map.
6. You can store there one or both of the actions you receive each turn.
7. The limit you can save there is actions per turn * 10 = 20
8. You can save up actions in order to create massive pushes on the map.
9. The limit of actions you can spend per turn is 10 actions. (That means 2 actions you receive + 8 stored in the warehouse.)
10. When you use actions from the warehouse you can simply cross them off of the stored actions.

EXPANSION

4. You expand by counquering tiles.
5. For 1 action you can conquer exactly 1 empty tile.
6. You can conquer any tile, that is at maximum 2 tiles (vertically, horizontally, diagonally or these ways combined...) away from your current territory.
7. You don't miove your teritory, you only expand - conquer other tiles.
8. Later in the game you will be able to fight for the territory with other players.

CONQUERING

1. When fighting, for each tile you can calculate the attack on this tile and also this tile's defence.
1. A file without elements has in default the power of 1. That means it's defense - supporting the tile itself and supporting adjacent tiles is 1 and it's attack on adjacent tiles is 1 as well.
2. By default, the defender has a defence of 1, because of the tile itself having this basic defence.
3. The defending tile has support from every adjacent friendly tile, for each tile it is 1 extra support = defence.
?support from other players vs combined attack; diplomacy; alances
4. The attacker on the other hand, has 1 attack strength for each adjacent attacking tile.
5. This means that only the adjacent tiles are counted when calculating the attacker's strength and the defender's defence. Also the defender has always one extra defence for the tile itself.
6. When talking about adjacent tiles, we mean the diagonally adjacent tiles as well.
7. Any field is conquerable only when the attacker's power is greater than the defender's defence.
8. For conquering a field of another player, you need to use the number of actions the first owner used to conquer this tile. For a tile without elements or features, this is one.

ELEMENTS

1. Elements are the second layer of the map. They add extra places where you can fortify your position and fight.
2. Each of the elements has a number connected to it.
3. This number influences the size of the element, the actions you spend to conquer one tile of this element. Also the elements power = it's defence and attack.
4. When conquering a neutral element, you need to spend as much actions as the number connected to it. You need to attack on the field with the power equal to the element's connected number.
5. If it were a conquered element, you need to spend the same ammount of actions, however your attack must be atleast one higher than the defence of this tile.
	1. Mountains (3) - spawns in lines of 3, you need 3 actions to conquer it and also 3 attack strength (for a neutral mountain), it attacks and defends with the power of 3, the color is brown
	2. Lakes (2) - spawns in lines of 2, you need 2 actions to conquer it and also 3 attack strength (for a neutral lake), it attacks and defends with the power of 2, the color is blue
	3. Castle (4) - you need 4 actions to conquer it and also 4 attack strength (for a neutral castle), it attacks and defends with the power of 2, a specific property of castle is, that it does not spawn in lines of 4 (currently it spawns as a single tile), another specific property is that it spawns in the third layer - as a feature, meaning it can spawn alone but also f.e. on top of a mountain (see FEAtURES), the color is gray
	4. Sweet woods (2) - work exactly the same as lakes, however they have an extra behaviour. A tile of sweet woods contains one tree that you can chop down. For 2 trees you can build a cottage. A cottage behaves exactly as a castle with the difference that it has the power of 3, not 4. When you chop down a tree you cross out the tile from which you chopped it (it needs to be your at the time). No more trees can be gained there afterwards. To build the cottage you can combine trees from multiple sweet woods elements. Also, you can chop down the tree and save it in your warehouse, so when you loose the sweet woods tile you can use it later. However it takes up space of 5 actions. So in total you can only use it to store 4 trees without storing any actions. A cottage can be placed only on teritorry you control, and it needs to make sense - you can't place it on a lake or on a castle, however grass, mountains, gold, chopped down/unchopped sweet woods, etc. are all suitable. The color of sweet woods is beige. After the tile is crossed because you chopped down the tree, it only has the power of 1, it behaves as if it was an empty tile.
6. You can use elements an their attack to conquer other elements, even other tiles of the same elements or elements owned by others.
7. When conquering teritorry, even though you can conquer as far as 2 tiles away, you can not conquer teritorry behind an element, if you can not get there on by one tile. When counting how far a tile is you need to go one by one tile. And you can not use an unconquered element when conting your route to the wanted tile. You can't jump over an element in order to conquer something, unless you own the element. This means you possibly need to take a longer route - an go around the element.

FEATURES

You have 20 places in your inventory
Wood - it takes 5 places in inventory, you can use 2 and 1 actions to build cottage with power 3, placing cottage must make sense; you can also place it on chopped down/unchopped sweet woods
Gold - gold, if you take it, you can take one unconquered, basic field around it
Villages - you gain from them number of actions (max 3) in the form of loot, loot is predetermined
Iron - grey, it takes 5 places in inventory, use it to reinforce buildings with +1 power
Material - shield - +1 defence around that field including that field
         - archer - +1 range
         - attacker 
FLOORS
water - 
sand - 0 defence, 1 attack
snow -  
grass - 1 defence, 1 attack

material
        akcia na setup
            stity (kruh)
                obrana policka +1 aj okolitych
            utocnik
                +1utok ?+1 obrana samotneho policka
            luky (trojuholnik)
                dostrel policka = 2 - ?obrana aj utok
                dosah len 2, na dosah 1 nefunguju
                neprestreli hory les atd
            katapulty (stvorec)
                nicenie opevneni +2 na dosah = 2 policok 
                stavat len na rovine
                dosah len 2



ak ti niekto dobyje spawn, este neviem co presne je spawn ci napr 3x3 v rohu atd, vypadavas z hry

pust ma obranu a utok 0, pohyb ma len 1 (napr)

Hra končí keď jeden z hráčov už nemôže nič robiť (ani odkladať akcie do skladu.
	Po obsadení spawnu hráč vypadáva, z jeho územia sa stáva NPC – hráč, ktorý však nič nerobí - drzi si vsak pozicie aj obrannu silu
	Spawny sa vyberaju nahodne, každý bez toho aby videl mapu ňou dole hlavou otočí a na záver sa otočí hore.
	Ak je iny pocet hracov ako 4, pocet krajnych policok sa podeli poctom hracov. Takto vzdialeny od seba hraci budu. ?Prvy hrac zacina v rohu.
