Setup

You will need a pencil to play this game.
The number of players is unlimited.
Players spawn in corners, and/or they should be evenly placed. They start with this first tile as their only teritory.
Every turn you receive 2 actions.
We recommend writing a player's corresponding number on the tiles you conquer.

Warehouse

Each player has a warehouse the size of 20 actions.
You use the warehouse by taking notes on the paper where you print your map.
You can store there one or both of the actions you receive each turn.
The limit you can save there is actions per turn * 10 = 20
You can save up actions in order to create massive pushes on the map.
The limit of actions you can spend per turn is 10 actions. (That means 2 actions you receive + 8 stored in the warehouse.)
When you use actions from the warehouse you can simply cross them off of the stored actions.

Expansion

You expand by counquering tiles.
For 1 action you can conquer exactly 1 empty tile.
You can conquer any tile, that is at maximum 2 tiles (vertically, horizontally, diagonally or these ways combined...) away from your current territory.
You don't miove, you expand to other tiles.
Later you will be able to fight for the territory with others.

Conquering

When fighting, for each tile you can calculate the attack on this tile and the tile's defence.
By default, a tile has the power of 1. It defends itself and the surrounding tiles with defence 1, and attacks the surrounding tiles with attack 1.
The defending tile has support from every adjacent friendly tile, for each tile it is 1 extra defence.
The attacker has 1 attack strength for each adjacent attacking tile.
Only the adjacent tiles are counted to the attack and defence. Plus the defender has always one extra defence for the tile itself.
When talking about adjacent tiles, we also mean diagonally adjacent tiles.
A field is conquerable only when the attack is greater than the defence.
To conquer a tile of another player, you need to use the same number of actions the first owner used to conquer it. For a tile without elements or features, this is one.

Elements

The second layer of the map. They add extra places where you can fortify and fight.
Each of them has a number.
It influences the size of the element, the actions you spend to conquer one tile of it and the element's power (defence and attack).
To obtain a neutral element, you need to spend as much actions as the element's number. You need to be attacking the tile with the power equal to the number.
For a conquered element your attack has to be atleast one higher than the defence of this tile, the cost is the same as it's number.
You can use elements and their attack to conquer any other tiles.
You can't jump over an element in order to get somewhere, unless you own the tile.
Mountains (brown, 3) - spawn in lines of 3, 3 actions and 3 attack strength required to conquer it. It attacks and defends other tiles with the power of 3.
Lakes (blue, 2) - same as mountains however with the numeber 2.
Castle (blackish, 4) - same as previously but with number 4. A specific property of it is that it only spawns in lines of 1 and in the third layer - as a feature, meaning it can spawn f.e. on top of a mountain.
Sweet woods (beige, 2) - exactly the same as lakes with an extra behaviour. When one tile of woods is chopped down (crossed out), you get a log. For 2 logs you can build a cottage. Also, you can save a log in your warehouse, taking up space of 5 actions. After chopping down the tree the tile behaves as an empty tile with the power of 1.

Features

Features are the third layer.
They are displayed on top of everything.
To obtain them conquer the tile without any additional cost.
Gold (gold) - after stepping on it, you can take one surrounding tile for free. It can't contain an element or a feature and has to be neutral.
Village (red) - after stepping on it you receive the loot on top of the treasure on the right side of the map. After obtaining the loot you cross it out. The next village someone stepps on, provides the next loot.
Metal (gray) - resource you can use to reinforce builgings. One building (cottage, castle) can receive only one iron. It provides +1 power to the tile. You mark a tile as reinforced by highlighting the edges of the tile. A metal can be stored in the warehouse taking up 5 places.
Material (pink) - allows you to build soldiers. One per tile per material. Soldiers are an upgrade of your tile, changing it's behaviour.

Soldiers

Draw the corresponding shape around your number on a given tile to build a soldier.
Defender (circle) - the tile itself and adjacent tiles have +1 defence.
Attacker (triangle) - provides +1 attack against surrounding tiles.
Bowman (D = bow) - tile loses the +1 defense for itself. Attack and support for other tiles are changed from radius 1 to radius 2, losing radius 1. Bowmans can't shoot through terrain that is higher/would block them. If sweet woods are in their way or they stand on grass and in front of a mountain they are blocked.
Catapult (square) - +2 attack against structures only in the range of 2 tiles. No support. Can be built only on open terrain.

Floorings

The first layer, spawned below everything.
Grass - behaves normally. It was used in all previous examples.
Desert - here you loose the 1 defence you gain from the tile itself.
Snow - when using snow in your movement, you can only move 1 tile away.
Water - Pirates are dangerous, don't get near water!
	
Buildings

Cottage (3) - A cottage behaves exactly as a castle, with the difference that it has the power of 3, not 4. After chopping the wood cross out the tile. No more trees can be gained there afterwards. To build the cottage you can combine trees from multiple sweet woods elements. A cottage can be placed only on your territory. The placement needs to make sense - you can't place it on a lake or on a castle. Grass, mountains, gold, chopped down/unchopped sweet woods are all suitable. 

Other

After someone conquers your spawn, you loose!
Your terittory remains on the map and can be conquered.
The game ends, when one of the players can't do anything anymore.
Spawns are chosen randomly, without seeing the map first. (turn the page upside down)
If there is more players than corners, choose tiles that are equally distant from each other.
